LABORATORY FOR MOLECULAR MEDICINE 65 Landsdowne Street, Cambridge, MA 02139 Phone: (617)768-8500 / Fax: (617)768-8513 http://pcpgm.partners.org/lmm PARTNERS CENTER FOR PERSONALIZED GENETIC MEDICINE A teaching affliate of: VE HARVARD MEDICAL SCHOOL HEALTHCARE Name: Accession ID: DOB: Sex: Race: Male MRN: Specimen: Received: Family #: Referring physician: Referring facility: MEDSEQ GENERAL GENOME REPORT RESULT SUMMARY Sequencing of this individual's genome was performed and covered 95.8% of all positions at 8X coverage or higher, resulting in over 5.2 million variants compared to reference genome. These data were analyzed to identify previously reported variants of potential clinical relevance as well as novel variants that could reasonably be assumed to cause disease (see methodology below). All results are summarized on page 1 with further details on subsequent pages. A. MONOGENIC DISEASE RISK: 1 VARIANT IDENTIFIED This test identified 1 genetic variant that may be responsible for existing disease or the development of disease in this individual's lifetime. Disease (Inheritance) Phenotype Gene (Variant) Classification Al. X-linked recessive Abnormal bone and cartilage ARSE (C.410G>C p.Gly137Ala) Uncertain Significance: chondrodysplasia punctata development Favor pathogenic (X-linked) B. CARRIER RISK: 2 VARIANTS IDENTIFIED This test identified carrier status for 2 autosomal recessive disorders. Carrier Disease (Inheritance) Phenotype Gene (Variant) Classification Phenotype* Bl. Methylmalonic aciduria and Disorder of cobalamin MMACHC (C.271_272insa Pathogenic None homocystinuria,cblc type metabolism p.Arg91LysfsX14) Reported (Automosal recessive) B2. Leber congenital amaurosis Retinal dystrophy and blindness SPATA7 (c.94+2T>C) Likely Pathogenic None (Automosal recessive) Reported As a carrier for recessive genetic variants, this individual is at higher risk for having a child with one or more of these highly penetrant disorders. To determine the risk for this individual's future children to be affected, the partner of this individual would also need to be tested for these variants. Other biologically related family members may also be carriers of these variants. Carriers for some recessive disorders may be at risk for certain phenotypes. Please see variant descriptions for more information. C. PHARMACOGENOMIC ASSOCIATIONS This test identified the following pharmacogenomic associations. Additional pharmacogenomic results may be requested, but will require additional molecular confirmation prior to disclosure. Drug Risk and Dosing Information Cl. Warfarin Decreased dose requirement C2. Clopidogrel Typical response to clopidogrel C3. Digoxin Intermediate metabolism and serum concentration of digoxin C4. Metformin Intermediate glycemic response to metformin C5. Simvastatin Typical risk of simvastatin-related myopathy D. BLOOD GROUPS This test identified the ABO Rh blood type as B Positive. Additional blood group information is available at the end of the report. It should be noted that the disease risk section of this report is limited only to variants with strong evidence for causing highly penetrant disease, or contributing to highly penetrant disease in a recessive manner. Not all variants identified have been analyzed, and not all regions of the genome have been adequately sequenced. These results should be interpreted in the context of the patient's medical evaluation, family history, and racial/ethnic background. Please note that variant classification and/or interpretation may change over time if more information becomes available. For questions about this report, please contact the Genome Resource Center at GRC@partners.org. 