Final Report Gene De Oncology Genetic Test Report an OPKO Health Company Breast High/Moderate Risk Panel PHYSICIAN PATIENT SAMPLE TEST , DOCTOR , TEST , PATIENT Specimen ID: XXXXXXXX ABC CANCER CTR DOB: 01/01/1966 Age: 49 Y Sex: F Date of Report: 09/09/2015 7:03 AM 100 HOSPITAL LANE Ethnicity: Caucasian/Non-Hispanic Date Collected: 08/26/2015 10:00 AM ANYTOWN, NJ 07000 Patient ID: Date Received: 08/27/2015 9:31 AM ACCT # XXXX Address: 100 MAIN STREET Source: BLOOD IN EDTA ANYTOWN, NJ 07000 Summary of the patient's personal The ordered test and the genes analyzed are and family history as provided on the clearly identified at the top of the report original test requisition and/or accompanying documents Breast High/Moderate Risk Panel Genes Evaluated: ATM, BRCA1, BRCA2, CDH1, CHEK2, PALB2, PTEN, STK11, TP53 Test Indication Personal history of breast cancer. Family history of breast and other cancer. No reported history of genetic testing. Provides the overall classification of the result, Results Summary: POSITIVE with abnormal diagnosis highlighted in red Gene Results Classification Zygosity c.7327C>T (p.Arg2443Ter) PATHOGENIC HETEROZYGOUS This individual is heterozygous for a pathogenic mutation in ATM, consistent with an increased risk for cancer. L ATM I. No additional variants of clinical or unknown significance were detected by sequencing or deletion/duplication analysis Only mutations this panel. detected appear here Lifetime cancer risks due to a single ATM mutation include: an increased risk for breast cancer in women and an increased risk for colon and pancreatic cancers in both women and men. See interpretation. ** ** Only the most commonly associated cancer risks are listed Lifetime risks appear only with a pathogenic or likely pathogenic variant result, and provides a summary of the most commonly associated cancer risks Recommendations Genetic counseling is recommended to discuss the implications of these test results. Breast MRI screening is recommended in addition to mammographic screening for any woman with at least a 20% lifetime risk for breast cancer (Saslow 2007, NCCN Guidelines for Genetic/Familial High-Risk Assessment: Breast and Ovarian v.2.2015). For individuals and family members of reproductive age, assessment of the reproductive risk associated with being a carrier of an ATM mutation is recommended. The first degree relatives of this patient have a 50% chance of also testing positive for the ATM mutation identified. If you would like to discuss these results in further detail, please call one of our genetic counselors. • To learn more information about these results, please visit: www.oncogenedx.com/atm-gene-positive-results Outlines follow-up recommendations specific to the particular test result, such as references to management guidelines, risks to family members or recommendations for genetic counseling Page 1 of 3 Renart Flectronically signed By Renort Electronically signed By: Anne Maddalena PhD FACMG 