BRACAnalysis Powered by my Vision Genetic Result - Integrated BRACAnalysis® BRCA1 and BRCA2 Analysis RECEIVING HEALTHCARE PROVIDER SPECIMEN Test HCP, MD Specimen Type: Test Medical Center Draw Date: 123 Main St Accession Date: Testville, TX 55555 Report Date: PATIENT Blood Name: Pt Last Name Jun 09, 2016 Pt First Name Jun 09, 2016 Date of Birth: Jun 14, 2016 Patient ID: Patient id Gender Female Accession # 07001268-BLD Requisition #: 7001268 GENE BRCA2 RESULT: POSITIVE-CLINICALLY SIGNIFICANT MUTATION IDENTIFIED Note: "CLINICALLY SIGNIFICANT," as defined in this report, is a genetic change that is associated with the potential to alter medical intervention. MUTATION INTERPRETATION C.XXXXXXXXXXXX High Cancer Risk Heterozygous This patient has Hereditary Breast and Ovarian Cancer syndrome (HBOC). DETAILS ABOUT: BRCA2 C.XXXXXX: NM_000059.3; (aka: XXXXX) Functional Significance: Deleterious - Abnormal Protein Production and/or Function The heterozygous germline BRCA2 mutation c.xxcox is predicted to result in the premature truncation of the BRCA2 protein at amino acid position xox (p.xxx.xx). Clinical Significance: High Cancer Risk This mutation is associated with increased cancer risk and should be regarded as clinically significant ADDITIONAL FINDINGS: NO VARIANT(S) OF UNCERTAIN SIGNIFICANCE (VUS) IDENTIFIED Details About Non-Clinically significant Variants: All individuals carry DNA changes (i.e., variants), and most variants do not increase an individual's risk of cancer or other diseases. When identified, variants of uncertain significance (VUS) are reported. Likely benign variants (Favor Polymorphisms) and benign variants (Polymorphisms) are not reported and available data indicate that these variants most likely do not cause increased cancer risk. Present evidence does not suggest that non-clinically significant variant findings be used to modify patient medical management beyond what is indicated by the personal and family history and any other clinically significant findings. Variant Classification: Myriad's myVision™ Variant Classification Program performs ongoing evaluations of variant classifications. In certain cases, healthcare providers may be contacted for more clinical information or to arrange family testing to aid in variant classification. When new evidence about a variant is identified and determined to result in clinical significance and management change, that information will automatically be made available to the healthcare provider through an amended report. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION GENES ANALYZED Unless otherwise noted sequencing and large rearrangement analyses were performed on the following genes: BRCA1, BRCA2 Indication for Testing: It is our understanding that this individual was identified for testing due to a personal or family history suggestive of a hereditary predisposition for cancer. Associated Cancer Risks and Clinical Management: If a clinically significant mutation is identified, please see the management tool associated with this report for a summary of cancer risk and professional society medical management guidelines that may be useful in developing a plan for this patient. Testing of other family members may assist in the interpretation of this patient's test result. Analysis Description: The Technical Specifications summary (https://www.myriadpro. com/documents-and-forms/technical specifications/) describes the analysis, method, performance, nomenclature, and interpretive criteria of this test. Current testing technologies are unable to definitively determine whether a variant is germline or somatic in origin, which may significantly impact risk estimates and medical management, therefore, these results should be correlated with this patient's personal and family history. The interpretation of this test may also be impacted if the patient has a hematologic malignancy or an allogeneic bone marrow transplant. 