GENETIC TEST REPORT NHS Patient Details: Name: John Doe Date of birth: 18 March 1995 Male NHS number: NH00198 Sample type: Blood Test ordered by: Name: Dr Requesta Organisation: Alesford Hospital Telephone: 01238 555555 Copies to: Dr A Nother Dr X Tra Test carried out by: Laboratory: Acurogen UK Telephone: 01238 666555 Date received: 26 February 2018 Date reported: 12 March 2018 Authorised by: A Tester Reason for test: CF carrier status testing requested. Partner is a carrier of CF. Your Result Carrier of cystic fibrosis ABOUT THE TEST This test looked at a gene called CFTR. Everyone has two copies of this gene (one from their mother and one from their father). Alterations to this gene can cause the condition cystic fibrosis (CF). If you have an alteration in both copies of your CFTR genes you will have CF. If you have an alteration in only one copy of CFTR you will not have CF but will be a 'carrier'. Carriers are healthy but may pass on their altered gene to any children WHAT THIS RESULT MEANS FOR YOU The test found that you have an alteration in one copy of your CFTR genes, making you a carrier of CF. If you have children with someone who is also a carrier of CF, there is a 1 in 4 (25%) chance in each pregnancy that the child will have CF If you have children with someone who has not been tested for CF, there is less than 1 in 100 (less than 1%) chance that those children will have CF (some risk remains as your partner may be a carrier but not know) In the UK population, around 1 in 25 (4%) people are carriers of CF. Because you are a carrier of CF, your close relatives have an increased chance of also being CF carriers, 50 carrier testing can now be offered to your adult relatives NEXT STEPS • You can be referred to the Clinical Genetics Service to discuss your options when planning a family. Please ask your doctor for this referral if it has not been made. Take this report with you to any appointments. • If your relatives would like to be tested, they should ask their GP about CF carrier testing. MORE INFORMATION AND SUPPORT The results of a genetic test can be upsetting and difficult to take in If you have questions about your test result, talk to the doctor who ordered your test or phone the East Anglian Clinical Genetics Service on 01238 216446. Your doctor can also phone this number for advice and to help answer your queries. To understand more about genetic testing, visit: www.nhs.uk/conditions/genetics/services/ To understand more about cystic fibrosis, visit: www.cysticfibrosis.org.uk/ or phone 01238 373 100 