FAMILION GENETIC TESTS FOR INHERITED CARDIAC SYNDROMES LQTS Test Report (CONFIDENTIAL) PHYSICIAN Physician's Name: Hospital/Institution: SPECIMEN Specimen Type: Blood Draw Date: Receive Date: Report Date: PATIENT Patient's Name: Date of Birth: Patient ID: Gender: F Requisition # Mailing Address: TEST RESULTS This individual is positive for the possible deleterious mutation KCNQ1 Lys 362 Arg. INTERPRETATION KCNQ1 Lys 362 Arg - Possible Deleterious Mutation Found: This test result indicates the presence of the genetic mutation KCNQ1 Lys 362 Arg. This mutation is a Class II variant, meaning it is a type that may have the potential to cause a familial arrhythmia-causing syndrome: Type 1 Long QT Syndrome (LQT1) (Tester et al., Heart Rhythm. 2005 May;2(5):507-17 (15840476)). However, approximately 5% of reported healthy volunteers have been found to possess class Il mutations. Therefore, extreme caution and comprehensive clinical evaluation are advised with respect to the incorporation of this variant information into treatment decisions. Based upon this test result, all first-degree relatives of this patient (offspring, siblings, parents) should undergo a careful clinical evaluation that includes a screening electrocardiogram and genetic testing to determine the presence or absence of this specific mutation. Evaluation, including genetic testing of extended relatives (second-degree relatives: grandparents /aunts /uncles /nieces /nephews; third-degree relatives such as cousins, great aunts/uncles, etc. and beyond), should be directed based upon the family history or guided by transmission pattern established following genetic test results of first-degree relatives. For example, if this mutation is detected in an affected individual's mother but not in the father, then all of the mother's first-degree relatives should receive thorough evaluation whereas the paternal side of the family would require no further evaluation. To order the FAMILION Family Specific Test for family members of this patient, use the following Family Specific Code: GPI-This code must be included on the FAMILION Test Requisition/Payment Authorization Form (Form A) for the Family Specific Test Polymorphism(s) Found: This test result indicates identification of one or more genetic variants that have been identified previously in normal subjects and are considered polymorphisms (Class III variants). These variants are not likely arrhythmia syndrome-causing variants. Family screening for the presence of class Ill variants is not recommended. 