GeneD Genetic Testing Report an OPKO Health Company Patient Name: Date of Birth: Specimen Type: Submitters ID No: Ordered By: Blood GeneDx Accession No: Date Specimen Obtained: Date Specimen Received: Date Test(s) Started: Date of Report: Test(s) Requested: Mitochondrial Disorders / Sequence Analysis of the Entire Mitochondrial Genome ר Result: POSITIVE: Homoplasmic for the Leber's Hereditary Optic Neuropathy (LHON) Mutation m.11778G>A. J Indicates that a known disease-causing mutation was identifed This analysis has identified a homoplasmic G>A nucleotide substitution at position 11778 in the MT-ND4 gene of the mitochondrial genome. This variant is denoted G11778A or m.11778 G>A at the mtDNA level and p.Arg340His (R340H) at the protein level. Expands on the genetics and the clinical significance of the identified mutation This individual's haplogroup and a table of observed polymorphisms are also provided.* This individual carries mitochondrial haplogroup J, a common European haplogroup. Haplogroup J has been reported to play a role in the expression of LHON by increasing the penetrance of the primary LHON mutations m.11778G>A and m.14484T>C (Torroni et al., 1997). Interpretation The entire mitochondrial genome was amplified and sequenced from the submitted specimen. A homoplasmic mutation, m.11778G>A, was detected in the MT-ND4 gene. This mutation is commonly associated with Leber's Hereditary Optic Neuropathy (LHON) (Wallace et al., 1988). This result confirms the clinical diagnosis of LHON in this individual. Recommendation: Mitochondrial DNA disorders are maternally inherited. Genetic counseling and testing appropriate - 7 matrilineal relatives for this mutation are recommended. Methods: The entire mitochondrial genome from the submitted sample was amplified and sequenced using a solid state sequencing by-synthesis process. DNA sequence was assembled and analyzed in comparison with the revised Cambridge Reference Sequence (rCRS) and the reported mutations and polymorphisms listed in the MITOMAP database (http://www.mitomap.org). The presence of a disease associated sequence variant, if present, is confirmed by conventional dideoxy sequence analysis or other methods. A reference library of more than 6000 samples from different ethnic groups and online databases for mtDNA variations is used to evaluate variants of unknown clinical significance. In some cases, additional testing may be recommended to elucidate pathogenicity. Outlines follow-up recommendations specific to the particular test result, such as references to management guidelines, risks to family members or recommendations for genetic counseling Describes the methodology used by the lab for that particular test Report electronically signed by: Sharon F. Suchy Ph.D., FACMG Director, Division of Inherited Metabolic Disorders Report electronically signed by: Renkui Bai M.D., Ph.D., FACMG Director, Genetic Testing for Mitochondrial Disorders mtDNA RefSeq: NC_012920.1 References: 1. Torroni et al., (1997) Am J Hum Genet. 60:1107-21 2. Wallace et al., (1998) Science 242:1427-30. This assay was developed and its performance determined by GeneDx for the sole purpose of identifying small mtDNA variants. This test does not detect large (larger than 30bp) deletions / duplications or rearrangements. Levels of mutant heteroplasmy of 4% or less may not be detected by this method. Normal findings do not rule out the diagnosis of a mitochondrial disorder. The clinical implications of some variations may be unknown at the time of this report. This test should be used for clinical purposes only. It has not been cleared or approved by the FDA. The FDA has determined that such clearance or approval is not necessary. Pursuant to the requirements of CLIA '88, this laboratory has established and verified the test's accuracy and precision. CLIA ID#: 21D0969951. MD License: 953. 