GeneD2 Genetic Testing Report an OPKO Health Company Patient Name: Date of Birth: Specimen Type: Submitters ID No: Ordered By: GeneDx Accession No: Date Specimen Obtained: Date Specime The ordered test and the genes analyzed are Date Test(s) clearly identified at the top of the report Date of Report: ר RAF1 ) detected appear Test(s) requested: Diagnostic Testing / Comprehensive Panel for Noonan, LEOPARD, Cardio-Facio-Cutaneous, and Costello Syndromes Genes Evaluated: BRAF, CBL, HRAS, KRAS, MAP2K1, MAP2K2, NRAS, PTPN11, RAF1, SHOC2, and SOS1 Result: POSITIVE Gene cDNA Variant Zygosity Classification Only mutations c.1423 T>C p.Phe475Leu Heterozygous Disease-causing (F475L) mutation Interpretation: Heterozygous for the F457L mutation in the RAF1 gene, consistent with The final diagnosis is made in the diagnosis of a disorder in the Noonan syndrome spectrum the Interpretation section. RAF1 F475L: p.Phe475Leu (TTT>CTT): c.1423 T>C in exon 14 of the RAF1 gene (NM_002880.3) An F475L missense mutation was identified in the RAF1 gene. It has not been published as a mutation, nor has it been reported as a benign polymorphism to our knowledge. However, this mutation has been seen several times previously at GeneDx in one proband and segregating with disease in another unrelated family; all Expands on the clinical were reported to have phenotypes consistent with the diagnosis of a disorder of the Noonan-CFC-Costello significance of the syndrome spectrum. F475L is a semi-conse am acid substitution with a non-polar aromatic residue mutations found (Phe) being replaced by a non-polar aliphatic residue (Leu). The position at which this mutation occurs is highly conserved across species and is located within 1 of 3 exons where all published mutations have been reported (Pandit et al., 2007 and Razzaque et al., 2007). I Outlines follow-up recommendations specific to sequence variant is probably damaging to protein structur the particular test result, such as references to disease-causing mutation consistent with the diagnosis in management guidelines, risks to family members Recommendation: Based on the high frequency of hypertrophic cardiomyop or recommendations for genetic counseling with a RAF1 mutation, an appropriate cardiologic screening protocol is recommended for this patient. Mutation-specific testing of both parents will determine if the F475L mutation was inherited or has arisen de novo. This information can help to address the recurrence risk in future pregnancies. Prenatal molecular diagnostic testing is available, if desired. Genetic counseling is recommended. Methods: Genomic DNA was PCR amplified and sequenced using a solid-state sequencing-by-synthesis process. Bi-directional sequence was obtained, analyzed and compared to the published gene sequences. This test does not detect large chromosomal aberrations, rearrangements, or deletions and duplications larger than 25bp. This test includes the complete coding region and splice junctions of the following 11 genes currently known to be Describes the methodology associated with Noonan, LEOPARD, Cardio-Facio-Cutaneous, and Costello Syndromes: BRAF, CBL, HRAS, used by the lab for that KRAS, MAP2K1, MAP2K2, NRAS, PTPN11, RAF1, SHOC2, and SOS1. The result was confirmed in a new particular test DNA preparation by conventional dideoxy DNA sequence analysis. L 