Comprehensive Report v6 Source: hu1C1368_20190811115618.zip Created at October 29 at 3:41 PM PST h all of the basic reports and a few more in addition, too. SAMPLE REPORT bility and metabolism of micronutrients including vitamins D, C, B12, A, folate, omega-3, iron and nce metabolism including the response to various types of fat (saturated fat, polyunsaturated fat, complex carbohydrates vs. simple carbohydrates), which may influence blood pressure, blood triglycerides, obesity, cardiovascular risk, and more. It also focuses on SNPs relevant to cholesterol metabolism and HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors such as statins. It looks at certain SNPs involved in the inactivation of heterocyclic amines which are procarcinogens formed when meat is cooked at high temperatures. It looks at SNPs involved in exercise performance, sleep, and those that can have a direct or indirect influence on longevity. Noteworthy These genotypes are the ones that are potentially worth being aware of. Gene SNPs involved Status More information SH2B3 rs 3184504(T;T) Increased risk for celiac disease. SH2B adaptor protein 3 (SH2B3) is involved in signaling growth factors and cytokine receptors and plays a role in hematopoiesis (formation of blood cells). This genotype, rs3184504(T;T), has been associated with an increased risk for celiac disease. There are common polymorphisms in the SH2B3 gene, which codes for the SH2B adaptor protein 3. The T allele is the variant form of the rs3184504 polymorphism and is located in the exonic region of the gene. In a genome-wide association study (GWAS) involving 778 celiac cases and 1,422 controls, the T allele was associated with celiac disease. Celiac disease is an autoimmune condition which occurs as a result of variations in genes involved in mounting an immune response in the gut when exposed to gluten. Gluten is a group of proteins found in wheat, oats, barley, and rye. While only one percent of the U.S. population has celiac disease, a further six percent may be sensitive to gluten. This gluten sensitivity may result from zonulin, a protein released into the gut after gluten is consumed. Individuals with the T;T) genotype, particularly in combination with other SNPs influencing celiac risk, may choose to avoid gluten, which can exacerbate gut inflammation. Note: This SNP is only one of several polymorphisms that may affect celiac disease risk. Future versions of this report may include additional polymorphisms to provide a higher degree of accuracy than this SNP alone does. Generally speaking, a combination of both a genetic test and a blood test are needed to diagnose celiac disease and gluten sensitivity in a clinical setting. • Read more about rs3184504 on SNPedia SNPs Involved rs 3184504(T;T) 